# Introduction 
- Frama-C is a platform dedicated to the analysis of source code written in C. 
- It gathers several analysis techniques into a single collaborative extensible framework. 
- The collaborative approach of Frama-C allows analyzers to build upon the results already computed by other analyzers in the framework.
- Frama-C can guarantee absence of bugs. 
- Frama-C provides both static and dynamic analysis. For example, E-ASCL can be used to perform runtime verification.

## Specification:
- Specifications in Frama-C are written in a special language called ACSL. For example, the list of global variables that a funciton is supposed to read/write to is a formal specification.
- ACSL code annotation can be generated by the Frama-C plug-ins or kernels or can be written by the user. For example, a user can write 
```
assert p[i] * p[i] <= INT_MAX
```
- A logical property P is valid at a program point i if it is valid in all t where t $\in$ T (T is the trace of the program obtained till program poitn i). Conversely, any trace u that does validate P, stops at i. For example, a property might consist of a statement at a program point i. 
```
p[j] * p[j] <= 214748647
```
A trace where p[j]= 46341 at i will invalidate this property, and will stop short of reaching any instruction succeeding i. 

- The local logical property has three status:
    - True : When property is true in all traces
    - False: When property is not satisfied in atleast one trace
    - Maybe: When it cannot be decided that the property can be satisfied or not
   An emitter/checker can also add a list of dependencies, which is the set of properties whose valditity may be necessary to establish the judgement. For example, $\vdash A \implies B$ requries that for a trace to be valid in B, it may be necessary for A to hold.
